hello guys welcome to my channel you
recently asked me an amazing question in
Instagram you've asked me to create a
video about typical 30 year old
Americans and this is an amazing topic
because I'm 27 I just moved to the
States I'm so interested in what's going
on with people of my age in the United
States so we're gonna find out whether
they married whether they have kids with
renting or when they own their apartment
and I had some like loads of cool
questions so if you're interested in
this topic please continue watching the
video
to give you some background on my
research so I'm gonna concentrate on
Americans who are from 25 years old to
34 years old and also like every state
is super different for example in
California or New York City if you're 30
years old you're like a baby you just
started your career and you do not
generally think about starting a family
at this age if we go to like New Mexico
or Arizona I'm pretty sure things will
be different
fact number one 70 percent of 30
year-old Americans live on their own and
30 percent of Americans still live with
their parents grandparents and relatives
so there is nothing to be ashamed of
you're like 32 and still live with your
parents
because yeah 30 percent of people of
your age - the same figure number - the
average income is thirty-nine thousand
dollars a year which is pretty average
for the United States it can it
fluctuates based on the state but this
is what 30 year old Americans are just
57 percent of Americans are married by
the age of 25 the age of 34 years old
yes this is a little more than a half
but again if we go to San Francisco
olessa in Los Angeles if you're 30 you
would really think about getting married
in this stage you would still think
about you know growing your career
working the company or like developing
yourself only 47 percent of 30 years old
have kids and one out of three people in
this age say they don't want kids at all
I'm pretty sure this is gonna change
when they grow up
but yeah these are the stats and now
we're gonna ask my friends about their
favorite TV shows about whether they
rent to own about how much money they
spend on living costs
can you define success what a success
Oh success to me is having happiness in
your life family career activities
friends love so that's my definition for
me is balance
it's all about balance so that you can
achieve what you want in both your
personal and professional life success
is doing things you're passionate about
that you love every single day of your
life and having an impact on the
community around you building something
that I can be proud of and my family can
be proud of that can be happy with get
up in the morning I get excited to go to
work and to be passionate about what I'm
doing doing what I enjoy helping others
to succeed at what they're doing and
defining and realizing their definition
of success it would be helping others to
achieve their success do you have a car
I do
yes I Drive my own car I do not have a
car do you have a car yes I have a car
do you have a car I do have a car you
need a car in LA do you run your
apartment in do
I rent right now I'm a renter I do I
have a place that I own and I also rent
an apartment
Iran right now it's kind of a weird
situation it was like my parents rental
property that we moved into so it's like
I do own it it's not quite under my name
yet but we pay the mortgage on it my
wife and I only thirty three percent
thirty year olds own a home and I
totally understand that I think in San
Francisco the figure would be like lower
because an average apartment San
Francisco's like a million dollars how
often do you travel abroad I travel
abroad about once or twice a year two to
three times a year I used to work abroad
I used to travel brought a lot more but
usually now my trips are for leisure
either family-oriented or for myself to
go to travel and visit somewhere new I
travel every other week almost
but lately once a month quite frequently
I've been to so I've been to about 20
countries mostly in Western Europe I've
been to Russia st. Petersburg and oh
yeah one of my favorite cities actually
and I've been to about 38 of the 50
states
for my job since we recruit students
from all around the world I get to
travel at least 3 times a year to
different countries what is the movie or
TV show that everyone should
I'm a huge Game of Thrones fan I like
game the friends winter is coming winter
is coming the new one that I've been in
getting into stranger things it's more
of a miniseries one of my favorite
movies is called goodbye London
so when I moved to to the state I used
to watch TV by the belt it's an oldie
but goodie oh man um first movie that
comes to my mind for whatever reason is
The Godfather
who's your favorite celebrity I always
thought that Daniel day-lewis was
amazing I really like John Oliver I
think he does a lot of very interesting
thought-provoking pieces on his show
President Obama ex President Obama Tom
Brady do make a quarterback and New
England Patriots why do you eat I'm a
big subscriber to The Economist and and
I read the New York New York Times this
is my main source of news because the TV
is just unwatchable from The Economist
or actually there's a lot of podcasts so
NPR is a big influencer for me
The Economist Marina speed economist I
love to read New York Times New York or
Financial Times Wall Street Bloomberg
TechCrunch I'll go to CNN aligned like
The Drudge Report and a couple of other
places but I try to keep it balanced I
read a lot of online media so Wall
Street Journal CNN Fox I try to get
different opinions Yahoo Finance is a
big one for me
and then I read like coin on the
blockchain side like coin desk and and
some of those those crypto websites
what is your hobby I play sports I play
baseball and traveling for leisure so
getting to know new places and eating
new foods I run a lot I'm a big runner
and then I read science fiction I run
about four times a week sometimes more
living a healthy lifestyle so I love to
wake up go on runs I feel empowered and
I also like to solve problems whether
it's a problem such as helping my friend
I don't know build an IKEA bed or
helping my friend think through a
start-up I like to golf more in the
summer and travel and love Muay Thai
kickboxing name one famous Russian
person one famous one there's so many I
would say blad amir putin's number one
boot in the first russian person that
comes to mind would that's it off putin
5fe
your second name one famous Russian
first person's doing
Oh Yul Brenner from Vladivostok
per month I would say approximately like
five thousand dollars yeah including the
including the rent
probably about thirty five hundred
dollars month including rent that's my
dad a lot five thousand six thousand
dollars a month
yeah that's embossing I'd say it's a
minimum three or four grand like great
like just a minimum basic yeah and but
we look pretty simply I would say and we
don't have any kids yeah things like
that what do you think about education
which level is better like badge those
masters you got an MBA right I do have a
higher graduate degree I think education
have a very a flu have a different
opinion it kind of depends I'm more
about follow what you want to do so if
you would like to have a certain trait
if it's you know in construction then I
should follow that trait and and be
become a craftsman know you know perfect
your craft anytime you can learn more in
life I I say go for it you don't
necessarily need to go to school but I
have a bachelor's I have a master's but
experiences are what gives you the most
educationally man I just see so many
people succeeding and not needing it and
in fact higher education being a
hindrance so I would say it's different
for each person if you're going to
something really academic like law or or
medicine you need it if you're going
into anything entrepreneur or business
related I would say just go out there
and grind and just figure it out as you
go I have my Master's I have measures
I'm an MBA and
80% of 30 year old Americans are still
getting their education maybe like doing
their MBA or masters by the way the
average age for an MBA is like 30 and
well like 28 depending on the program
and you still can get like your second
degree to certificate courses so yeah
it's not ashamed to continue your
studies at 30-plus because I know some
people are like oh my god I'm 25 should
do my masters or is it too late it's not
too late like people still study when
they're like 32 so don't be ashamed of
that so that was it guys thank you so
much for watching this video
I wait for your comments like what is
the biggest difference between America
in your country I'm waiting for your
comments please like this video if
you've enjoyed watching it and there is
some where there there is a red button
if you haven't clicked it yet please
click it because this way you're gonna
subscribe to my channel and you won't
miss my next video I will see you soon
and thank you so much for watching this
to the end have a good one
[Music]